Disable postgres and tar tasks when unused (#26)
coopdevs/backups_role: README.md

#+ the rendered script `backups_role_script_path`
backups_role_script_prepare_template: "cron-prepare.sh.j2"

> # If you modify the prepare_template var, then it means that you are not using

Author: ```suggestion
# If you modify backups_role_script_prepare_template , then it means that you are not using
```

> #+ this script template and therefore we don't need to create postgres roles, etc.

Reviewer: `this script`, which one? Maybe "default script" or something like that?

> #+ this script template and therefore we don't need to create postgres roles, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
#+ the default script template and therefore we don't need to create postgres roles, etc.
```

#+ and you may not need sudoer permissions for tar. Therefore, we disable
#+ the related tasks by default. However, if you would like to enable those tasks,

> #+ set to true the correspondant variable:

Author: ```suggestion
#+ set to true the corresponding variables:
```
